Okay, got it.
What's up?
Gu Ruicheng sold the house and mortgaged the company
And borrowed a lot of money
I took a picture of the land in the eastern suburbs
That land is a desire to explore
This Gu Ruicheng doesn't even take the market plane
Those who have loans to borrow money are photographed
You really don't know this person
How did you get to where you are today?
It's not up to our Nan Nan
An ungrateful person like him
Even if he is rich, he can't grasp it.
It is. It is.
Dad, let's stop watching TV
There should be a good show coming soon
Madam Gu Lichen is here
Sunan, why are you here?
Mr. Gu came rashly
So-called appropriate
It's like this, Master Su
I just spent a billion to buy that land in the eastern suburbs
Today, I specially came to the Su family to hire Miss Su
That's right.
I'm in love with Miss Su
She also wrote me about faith
Said as long as I photographed this land
She will marry me
Is that so?